Add Import from BigQuery (table or SQL output) (#245)
lynxkite/lynxkite: web/app/help/operations/import-from-bigquery-raw-table.asciidoc

### Import from BigQuery (raw table)

> Import a table from BigQuery via Storage API without SQL query.
> Some BigQuery-specific datatypes like ARRAY<STRUCT> may not be fully supported within LynxKite
> More information here: https://github.com/GoogleCloudDataproc/spark-bigquery-connector/tree/0.25.0

Reviewer: Some cleanup here, perhaps:

```suggestion
Import a table from BigQuery without a SQL query. (See also <<Import from BigQuery (Standard SQL result)>>.)

Some BigQuery-specific datatypes like `ARRAY<STRUCT>` are not fully supported within LynxKite.

BigQuery access is provided through the https://github.com/GoogleCloudDataproc/spark-bigquery-connector/tree/0.25.0#apache-spark-sql-connector-for-google-bigquery[Apache Spark SQL connector for Google BigQuery].
```
